Adds ~50 tips (#4772)
cmss13-devs/cmss13: strings/memetips.txt

When playing as a Xenomorph, remember to aim for the groin to inflict additional psychological damage to marines.
Never tell an officer that you're smarter than them - especially if it's true.
There is no USS Sulaco.

> There is no such thing as a Radiotelephone Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no such thing as a Radio-Telephone Operator.
```

There is no such thing as a techweb.
There is no such thing as a tip.
There is no such thing as a Fatty.
Dropship update is dropping tomorrow.
Don't forget your ceramic plates.
Echo Squad does not exist.
Reqs should always spend all its resources on the Black Market.
Foxtrot Squad DEFINITELY does not exist.

> Intel Squad is an unicorn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intel Squad is a unicorn.
```

Author: Uh wait you're sure? Isn't this correct? It's a vowel

Reviewer 2: What is the difference between "a unicorn" and "an unicorn"? The correct form is “a unicorn.” This is because although “unicorn” begins with a vowel letter, the first sound is a consonant [y], which speakers use “a” before. “An” is only used before words that begin with a vowel sound (“an apple” “an opinion” e.g.).

Reviewer 2: (copypaste from a dictionary site)

Reviewer 2: This is also why you say "an MD" even though M is consonant, in this case it is pronounced as "am-dee"

Author: Damn. I never knew. Fair enough
